compare the kiss you had with Ron and
the one you had with Harry Daniel
Radcliffe and would you have liked to
kiss tom Felton should have seen this
one coming
um right so really difficult I've got
Joe Murray diplomatic and ok well Dan
isn't here so it's it slightly easier
well obviously kissing kissing Dan
kissing Harry for that scene you know
it's a figment of Ron's imagination and
the worst possible thing that he could
ever imagine so the kiss obviously had
to be passionate I was half naked and
covered in silver paint
so that was pretty awkward and kissing
Rupert uh also awkward we just been
soaked by an enormous bucket of water
which was sort of purse which Ben which
we had to pretend we didn't know was
going to hit us but we knew was coming
and that was also equally awkward and
weird so both strange situations to be
in and both were complete gentleman and
you know very it was it was it's
obviously hard to put our personal
history to one side considering that we
did grow up together
but um I don't think that Miami saying
that you know one if he wants you've
done it sort of four or five times yes
quite make kissing gets quite boring
genuinely so it got it definitely got
easier um and yeah and Tom who's sitting
right here
thanks Jason his beautiful girlfriend
Oersted in the left-hand corner of the
room so no I don't think so my 12 year
old self
absolutely but my 21 year old self no